So, the next thing I want
you to try doing Is this,
when you are on a desktop-based system,
what you wanna do is put
the logo in the middle and
shove your navigation two items to
the right and two items to the left.
Can anyone think of a way of
how that magic might work?
Yeah.
>> Justify center instead of start,
I'm sorry.
>> It's okay.
>> You had it actually
at the beginning, the wrap.
The wrap started at the center
instead of at the end.
>> Yeah, so
we're gonna need to center things, right?
>> [INAUDIBLE] Online change our order.
>> Yeah, we're gonna have
to change our order, right,
the Flexbox order property, and move our
logo from the very first item to later.
What else can we do here?
How are we gonna get
the big space in between
the edges of my logo and the words.
>> Auto.
>> Auto margin.
>> Auto margin, yeah, cool,
so you guys ready to write it?
Let's do it.
Okay, so the way we're gonna set this
one up is up here on our nav-ul,
instead of justify-content flex-start,
let me make this big enough.
I'm gonna change this to space-between,
and
that is going to, it won't
actually look like any change yet,
[LAUGH] because I've still got this
margin right on the first child.
But we need to reorder this first child,
so we can say order: 2;, okay?
So our first 4 items have no ordering
at all, they have order of 0, so
they come first.
My logo has an order 2, so
it's gonna come second, okay?
Then I can say, for
my li:nth-child(4),
li:nth-child(5), we can say order 2.
So in other words, the same order,
and what'll happen is,
courses in learn still
have an order of zero.
Creative Space is an order of 2,
Workshops Enjoy Now have an order of 2,
because creative space comes
first in the list items,
it shows up before Workshops and Join Now.
Makes sense?
Okay, and so now as I make this bigger,
I have margin auto, hey, cool look that.
I have margin auto over here on
the right side of the logo, but
I don't have it on the left.
So if I go to my li:first-child and
I add to this a margin,
Usually I can just say margin, yeah.
Margin: 0 auto; cuz I want auto
on both the left and the right.
Now we can get that logo in the middle and
the other navigation items
can shift out to the sides.
Cool?
>> Sorry,
this is all outside of the media query?
>> This is outside the media query,
cuz this is the desktop display, correct.
Okay.
Now, if you like this layout,
you can keep it, that's pretty awesome.
But if we wanna override this,
how would we override this?
>> Change the order in the media query.
>> Yeah, we need to change some order
numbers here in the media query,
so we would say li:nth-child(2),
li:nth-child(3) { order: 2;,
now everybody's at the same And so
it's effectively it's just like everybody
was zero before, now everybody is two and
we're back to the layout that
we had here for a tablet before.
So we've gone from this with
the logo in the middle to the logo
still in the middle, but
now the navigation is underneath.
How cool is that?